Hello everyone and welcome to Genger level for We've learned a lot so far and yet there's still so much
more that Django can offer you with it's pre-built and tools and in general before we're going to be
focusing on learning a lot more about templates and template tagging so far we've only used templates
as a way of injecting simple pieces into our ASTM files and maybe doing simple operations like a for
loop through stuff in our database or in our models and bringing it into the H T.M. But templates are
actually capable of a lot more than that.
For example so far we've been manually creating everything individually for each HVM l file of our web
application or web page.
However we can actually use templates to have a base template and inherit that template in the team
files.
This saves you a lot of time and will help create a unified look and feel across every page of your
web site and then templates can also be used to solve issues of relative paths and work of other variables.
So for instance templates can be used to help solve issues by avoiding hardcoded paths and they can
also come with built in filter capabilities so you can adjust variables on the actual individual page
of a particular view.
OK let's get started on all these topics about templates by first starting out with relative Your else
and how we can use templates to solve those issues.
Thanks and I'll see at the next lecture.